Update "Comments and Replies to Comments" metadata requirements (#921)
arXiv/arxiv-docs: source/help/policies/content-types.md

Requirements for Comments and Replies:

- “Comments-on” papers must include the arXiv-ID of the original paper in the Title and/or Comments metadata fields (e.g., “comment(s) on arXiv:YYMM.NNNNN").

> - When a “comments-on” paper is published on arXiv, a reply from the authors of the original paper is always permitted (subject to the same moderation criteria as comments). Reply submissions should include the arXiv-ID of the “comments-on” paper to which they respond in the Title and/or Comments metadata fields (e.g., “reply to arXiv: YYMM.NNNNN”).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a “comments-on” paper is posted on arXiv, a reply from the authors of the original paper is permitted (subject to the same moderation criteria as comments). Reply submissions should include the arXiv-ID of the “comments-on” paper to which they respond in the Title and/or Comments metadata fields (e.g., “reply to arXiv: YYMM.NNNNN”).
```
